Use traefik to pass s3 404s to nginx for fallback handling (#263)
humanmade/altis-local-server: docs/media.md

# Local Media

> Local Server supports the [Altis Media module](https://www.altis-dxp.com/resources/developer-docs/media/) by replicating the media handling capabilities of a deployed Altis environment. A new Local Server setup will support [Dynamic Images](https://www.altis-dxp.com/resources/developer-docs/media/dynamic-images/) and other media features, and all images you upload will be stored in a local container on your development machine.

Reviewer: Oh for reference this is a shorthand we have built in for handling internal links between doc sets. More info here https://www.altis-dxp.com/resources/developer-docs/documentation/linking/#cross-linking

When using Local Server to work on an existing Altis site, you may need to pull down a database backup for local testing. Downloading uploaded media along with this database backup may be prohibitively time consuming, or take too much local disk space. Local Server can be configured to request these images directly from an Altis cloud environment.

You can add a file `.config/nginx-additions-media.conf` to your Altis project which instructs Local Server to redirect image requests to a remote server if they were not accessible locally. This preserves your ability to upload and edit local images, while allowing any image file not present in your environment to be loaded from a remote bucket instead.

> Assuming that your Altis project uses the name `myproject` and you have confirmed that your environment uses the `us-east-1.tchyn.io` Tachyon URL, your `nginx-additions-media.conf` could look like this:

Reviewer: I think that's a legacy tachyon endpoint, it can be accessed via `https://example.com/tachyon/` now so we can simplify this part of the docs a bit:
```suggestion
Assuming that your Altis project uses the name `myproject` for Local Server and your environment uses the domain name `myproject.altis.cloud`, your `nginx-additions-media.conf` could look like this:
```

<pre><code>
# Listen for Tachyon 404s, and try redirecting those requests to the development S3 bucket.
location ~* ^/tachyon.+\.(jpe?g|gif|png|webp).*$ {
	try_files $uri @imageFallback;
}

location @imageFallback {

> 	rewrite ^/tachyon/(.*)$ https://us-east-1.tchyn.io/myproject-development/uploads/$1 break;

Reviewer: Follow up to the previous comment:
```suggestion
	rewrite ^/tachyon/(.*)$ https://myproject.altis.cloud/tachyon/$1 break;
```

}
</code></pre>

> Alternatively, for read-only image support you can define the constants `S3_UPLOADS_BUCKET`, `S3_UPLOADS_KEY`, `S3_UPLOADS_BUCKET_URL`, `S3_UPLOADS_REGION`, `S3_UPLOADS_SECRET`, and `TACHYON_URL`, to point your Local Server instance at a remote Tachyon instance. You will not be able to upload or edit images, but your local site should display as expected using the remote image server.
> 
> Open a support ticket for assistance in determining the specific values and URLs necessary to configure either of these image fallback options on your site.

Reviewer: I think let's leave this part out, those values could be found by logging on to the sandbox server and running `printenv` but we don't define or provide `S3_UPLOADS_KEY` or `S3_UPLOADS_SECRET` as environment variables, those credentials are handled by an instance profile. I don't think we really want to get in the habit of generating credentials for folks to use locally as they have to be rotated every so often, it's just more busy work for us.

Maybe lets just change it to:
```suggestion
Your production Tachyon URL will be whatever the primary domain name for the stack is plus the path `/tachyon/` so it may not always look like the example above.
```

Author: Works for me
